Update README.md (#1796)
pytorch/torchtitan: README.md

## Latest News

> - [2025/10] SkyPilot now supports TorchTitan! See the tutorial [here](https://docs.skypilot.co/en/latest/examples/training/torchtitan.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [2025/10] SkyPilot now supports TorchTitan! Run distirbuted training with torchtitan on any clouds/Kubernetes: [tutorial](https://docs.skypilot.co/en/latest/examples/training/torchtitan.html).
```
Would something like this work? : )

Reviewer 2: Oh sorry I merged it :( If everyone think this is better I could have a quick fix
